Over 4 year of experience in the I.T industry with an expertise in various Domain [eCommerce, Retail ,Health Care Domainas a QA both [Automation/Manual] in all the phases of project life cycle such as requirement gathering, test case design, test case preparation, test case execution, defect tracking and reporting. 

Adept at using both manual and automated testing tools to troubleshoot systems, integration, user acceptance, positive and negative, functionality, non-functional and regression testing. Manage scripts creation for regression and functional testing using JAVA SELENIUM. Build the source code using MAVEN and parallel execution using Selenium Grid.




Desktop Web Application:
Involved from the very beginning of the entire Testing LifeCycle

Key Responsibilities:
	Hands on Experience in Automation of Web Application using JAVA, Selenium in various Framework like Page Factory, Data-Driven, Keyword-Driven & Hybrid Framework. Achieved Parallel Execution in cross-Browsers [Firefox, Chrome, IE etc]by using TestNG as well as Java Multi-Threading. Have Integrated CI-CD with the project by using Jenkins.Have integrated Localization Feature [Change in execution flow specific to a Locale]. Integrate 3rd Party reporting Tool with the Framework
	Achieved BDD [Behavioral Driven Design] by integrating cucumer with JAVA Selenium. Involved in Various Deployment Strategy for both Standalone and Web-based application. Generated Batch execution of the test cases.
	Experienced in providing Mobility Solutions to the Clients.
Implemented Automation framework, for Regression Task and DSA[Daily Site Activities] for mobile applications on Android, Apple,iPhones & iPads by using JAVA, Selenium,Cucumber, TestNG,Appium to Tests various types of Application like Native Application,Mobile Web Application and Hybrid Applications.The framework uses BDD approach by which we can write the steps in plain sentences.
	Performed Rigorous Automation in Various framework for the Perfecto Mobile Cloud and was a part of Part of Perfecto COE (Center of excellence) team to resolve Automation issue reported by Perfecto Customer and find out Bugs in Perfecto Cloud Solution, providing initial framework setup for perfecto customers.
	Proficient with testing REST APIs and SOAP API. Worked with Jeresey and RestAssuered FrameWork and implemented couple of Rest API Webservices. 
	Rigorously worked with ReadyAPI and implemented RestAPI project, Soap Project, Authentication Project by using Groovy Scripts, DataTrasfer property, DataLooping Functionality and DB validations.
	Implemented API Automation Framework by using Java, Selenium, Jersey, Cucumber, TesnNG, Maven which can validate API and UI Simultaneously. It also follows simple BDD approach of Test case Design. Validations are done across UI and DB.





 
Programming Language   		:	Java, J2EE, NodeJs,UFT
Frontend Technology			:	HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
Frontend Validations			:	Java-Scripts, JQuery, Ajax
Servers					:	Apache Tomcat, Glassfish, WebSphere Application Server
Database				:	MySQL, Mongo DB
IDE					:	Eclipse, RAD, Sublimetext, Visual Studio Code
Tools					:	Postman, ReadyAPI
Build Tool				:	Maven
Version Control System		:	SVN, GIT
Continuous Integration	(CI)		:	Jenkins
Testing					:	Functional, Regression, Smoke and Automation Testing
Web and Mobile Automation Tool	:	Selenium WebDriver, Appium, Remote Web Driver.  
API Testing			        :	Using Postman, Rest Client, Rest Assured, Jersey.
In-Built Framework			:	JUnit, TestNG, Selenium Grid (For Parallel Execution)
Customized Framework   	:	Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Page Object Model, QAF[Qmetry     Automation Framework], Quantum Framework
Test Management Tool			:	MTM, Jira	
Defect Tracking Tools			:	Bugzilla            
Operating System		        : 	Windows, Mac OS X
Browser				:	IE 9, 10, Mozilla Firefox, chrome, Safari
Cloud					: 	Perfecto Mobile Cloud.


UPWORK specific:
Over last 5 years I was working as a Java Developer and now I am developing Selenium Automation Framework, delivering and implementing the same to my client, as per their requirements. 
	Did analysis of the FSD, BRD and manual test cases and identified scenarios which are in scope to Automate. Developed selenium script for each scenarios and prepared Automation test suit for Regression, Sanity and Functional Testing. 
	Hands on Experience in Automation of Web Application using JAVA, Selenium in various Framework like Page Factory, Data-Driven, Keyword-Driven & Hybrid Framework. Achieved Parallel Execution in cross-Browsers [Firefox, Chrome, IE etc]by using TestNG as well as Java Multi-Threading. Have Integrated CI-CD with the project by using Jenkins.Have integrated Localization Feature [Change in execution flow specific to a Locale]. Integrate 3rd Party reporting Tool with the Framework
	Achieved BDD [Behavioral Driven Design] by integrating cucumer with JAVA Selenium. Involved in Various Deployment Strategy for both Standalone and Web-based application. Generated Batch execution of the test cases.
	Experienced in providing Mobility Solutions to the Clients.
Implemented Automation framework, for Regression Task and DSA[Daily Site Activities] for mobile applications on Android, Apple,iPhones & iPads by using JAVA, Selenium,Cucumber, TestNG,Appium to Tests various types of Application like Native Application,Mobile Web Application and Hybrid Applications.The framework uses BDD approach by which we can write the steps in plain sentences.
	Performed Rigorous Automation in Various framework for the Perfecto Mobile Cloud and was a part of Part of Perfecto COE (Center of excellence) team to resolve Automation issue reported by Perfecto Customer and find out Bugs in Perfecto Cloud Solution, providing initial framework setup for perfecto customers.
	Proficient with testing REST APIs and SOAP API. Worked with Jeresey and RestAssuered FrameWork and implemented couple of Rest API Webservices. 
	Rigorously worked with ReadyAPI and implemented RestAPI project, Soap Project, Authentication Project by using Groovy Scripts, DataTrasfer property, DataLooping Functionality and DB validations.
	Implemented API Automation Framework by using Java, Selenium, Jersey, Cucumber, TesnNG, Maven which can validate API and UI Simultaneously. It also follows simple BDD approach of Test case Design. Validations are done across UI and DB.

	Apart from Selenium Automation framework some time I am getting involved to make different type of scraper tool using Selenium, Java, Python, Excel VBA etc. As a Java developer I can develop any data mining tool or scraper in minimum time and within budget.

I am setting up my own IT firm with high skilled and dedicated resources. We have our own space of work and high-speed internet connection. Client satisfaction is my priority and I have never missed any deliverables as of now.

    Thanks for visiting my profile.


Hi Team,
I had been rigorously working with Clients in providing Mobility Solutions.
Implemented Automation framework, for Regression Task and DSA[Daily Site Activities] for mobile applications on Android, Apple,iPhones & iPads by using JAVA, Selenium,Cucumber, TestNG,Appium to Tests various types of Application like Native Application,Mobile Web Application and Hybrid Applications.The framework uses BDD approach by which we can write the steps in plain sentences.

Moreover, I have worked with Perfecto Mobile Cloud, which is one of the Pioneer in providing Mobility Solution.
I am interested with the Project that you have posted. 
We can have a discussion about the same.
Please let me know your convinient time for the Discussion

Regards and Thanks,
Kingshuk Nandy



